[doc] Introduce cross-language resources (#459)
apache/flink-agents: docs/content/docs/development/chat_models.md

Model availability and specifications may change. Always check the official DashScope documentation for the latest information before implementing in production.
{{< /hint >}}

## Using Cross-Language Resources

Flink Agents supports cross-language chat model integration, allowing you to use chat models implemented in one language (Java or Python) from agents written in the other language. This is particularly useful when:

- A chat model provider is only available in one language (e.g., Tongyi is currently Python-only)
- You want to leverage existing implementations without rewriting them
- Your team has expertise in a specific language but needs to integrate with agents in another

{{< hint info >}}
If you encounter any issues with cross-language resources, please check the [FAQ]({{< ref "docs/faq/faq#q2-why-do-cross-language-resources-not-work-in-local-development-mode" >}}) first.
{{< /hint >}}

### How It Works

> Cross-language providers use a bridge mechanism to invoke chat models across the Java-Python boundary:

Reviewer: Users should not care about the bridge mechanism. Just say using a special wrapper model provider, and suggest the original provider as an argument.

- **From Python to Java**: Use `Constant.JAVA_CHAT_MODEL_CONNECTION` and `Constant.JAVA_CHAT_MODEL_SETUP` with the `java_clazz` parameter pointing to the Java implementation
- **From Java to Python**: Use `Constant.PYTHON_CHAT_MODEL_CONNECTION` and `Constant.PYTHON_CHAT_MODEL_SETUP` with `module` and `clazz` parameters pointing to the Python implementation

### Usage Example

{{< tabs "Cross-Language Chat Model Usage Example" >}}

{{< tab "Python" >}}
```python
class MyAgent(Agent):

    @chat_model_connection
    @staticmethod
    def java_chat_model_connection() -> ResourceDescriptor:
        """ChatModelConnection responsible for ollama model service connection."""
        return ResourceDescriptor(
            clazz=Constant.JAVA_CHAT_MODEL_CONNECTION,
            java_clazz="org.apache.flink.agents.integrations.chatmodels.ollama.OllamaChatModelConnection",
            endpoint="http://localhost:11434",
            requestTimeout=120,

>         )

Reviewer: And we'd better provide the java code how `OllamaChatModelConnection` is originally used in comments, so that users can compare and understand how this wrapping works.

Model availability and specifications may change. Always check the official DashScope documentation for the latest information before implementing in production.
{{< /hint >}}

## Using Cross-Language Providers

Flink Agents supports cross-language chat model integration, allowing you to use chat models implemented in one language (Java or Python) from agents written in the other language. This is particularly useful when a chat model provider is only available in one language (e.g., Tongyi is currently Python-only)

{{< hint warning >}}
**Limitations:**
- Cross-language resources are currently supported only when [running in Flink]({{< ref "docs/operations/deployment#run-in-flink" >}}), not in local development mode
- Complex object serialization between languages may have limitations
{{< /hint >}}

### How To Use

To use cross-language chat models, use the special wrapper model provider and specify the original provider as an argument:

> - **From Python to Java**: Use `Constant.JAVA_CHAT_MODEL_CONNECTION` and `Constant.JAVA_CHAT_MODEL_SETUP`, specifying the Java provider class via the `java_clazz` parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Using Java chat models in Python**: Use `Constant.JAVA_CHAT_MODEL_CONNECTION` and `Constant.JAVA_CHAT_MODEL_SETUP`, specifying the Java chat model connection / setup class via the `java_clazz` parameter
```
